Hi Minx,

Thanks for answer our ad.

When you say 'It is available through December' do you mean it will be
available October, November and December inclusive?.

Could you please share with us some pictures of the available room and
the shared zones?

Also, could you tell us something about the people we would share the
place with?

Thanks a lot

f.

-------

Hello Jaklin,

Thanks for respond to our ad, the apartment you offer looks great.

I am seeing a bedroom on the pics attached, is it that the bedroom available? is it a double room? remember we are a couple.

Could you please tell us something about the person/s we would share the apartment with?

And last question, is it possible to visit it on the next days? We have to find an apartment as quickly better.

Thanks a lot.

f.


--------

Hi Maike, 

Here are Fernando and Cecilia, we was talking to you because we was looking for rent a double room at NYC.

This is our ad: http://fernandoguillen.info/playing/NYCFlat/

Sorry we didn't confirm to you any thing, that was because we have preferred to wait to be here at NYC to start a seriously search for a place.

So, the question is: is the place you was offering us still available? :)

Regards

f.

----------

Hi Maike, 

It is wonderful that the place is still available, we are starting to look places rigth now so it will be nice if we can make an appointment as soon as possible.

Can you send us your phone number so we can call you?

I have an spanish mobile: 0034 669 477 485, but I think could be cheaper if we call you.

Regards

f.

---------

Hi Gina,

Here are Fernando and Cecilia.

We are a couple looking for a comfortable room at NYC until December inclusive.

I know your ad is for only one person but maybe you can think about we can be a good candidate to rent your available room.

Take a look on our ad:

http://fernandoguillen.info/playing/NYCFlat/

We can pay an extra for being a couple.

Thanks and regards.

f.


----------

Hi Minx, 

We are looking for something to go into on 14th of October, but we keep your details on the pocket in the case we did not find anything before.

Can you send us your phone so we can call you to make an appointment in case we need it?

Our NY phone is: 917 547 4992

Regards

f.


------

Hi 

I have seen your ad:

* http://newyork.craigslist.org/que/abo/1415983036.html

We are looking for a place until earlier January this is our ad:

* http://fernandoguillen.info/playing/NYCFlat/

Tell us something if you think we can rent your place on our NYC stay.

Regards.

f.